hi I'm Rene Millman editor of absolute
gadget and today I'll be talking about
the Xbox 360 in this video we'll be
showing you how to fix the red ring of
death on the Xbox 360 now the red ring
of death means that there's a general R
where failure basically the red light
will come up on the console and you
won't actually see anything from the
screen the first port of call as always
is if your Xbox 360 is under warranty
send it back to Microsoft to have it
fixed I can't stress that enough
they've got proper qualified technicians
there that will fix the problem if it's
out of warranty then you can get a
qualified technician to have a look at
it and they can fix it as well it's not
really a problem that's easily fixed by
the casual or the console gamer but it
what it normally signifies is as I said
earlier a general hardware failure so
you've the most likely problems are a
hard disk having problems with reading
the right into it there you've got disk
failure there also with the DVD drive
there's a could be a problem there with
it not read and write improperly or
there is a video failure which prevents
anything coming up on on the screen what
you can do is it's it's almost a
certainty that is overheated ins and
it's screwed up at a component of
somewhere you might be able to get away
with unplugging it and leaving it for 20
minutes to calm down and while you're
doing that just make sure all the
connections are properly fixed up
and if you make sure that's all okay and
you've left it for 20 minutes half an
hour to fall down and you can restart it
again if it works again then you might
be okay but if not then you know you're
looking at the next block times heading
towards a hardware failure and it needs
to be fixed and it needs to be fixed
either by a marketer or qualified
technicians